spider-man far from home is hitting
theaters worldwide so here's a quick
refresher on everything you need to know
to be prepared for the newest Marvel
film in three minutes or less we'll
start all the way back in Captain
America Civil War where Tony Stark
recruits the already spider bitten Peter
Parker to join Team Iron Man in return
Tony gifts young Peter state-of-the-art
Stark Industries designed spider-man
equipment in spider-man homecoming we
find Peter still on a high from his
Avengers experience
Tony recognizing Peter is still just a
kid says he should focus on high school
and leave the super heroics to the
adults this superhero teenager balance
is 1 Peter constantly struggles with as
he disobeys Tony to continue
crime-fighting eventually this puts him
at odds with Adrian Toomes aka the
vulture vulture and his gang used to
tari technology from the Battle of New
York in the original Avengers to build
super weapons to sell to shady buyers
vultures team includes familiar comic
villains like shocker and the tinkerer
and some of their weapons buyers include
scorpion and the Prowler aka Miles
Morales is uncle Aaron as Peter
continues to try to take down Adrian
Tony Stark eventually steps in and takes
back the spider-man suit in an effort to
protect Peter from continuing a reckless
pursuit so Peter goes back to his high
school life and asked his crush Liz to
the homecoming dance on the way there it
is revealed that her father is none
other than Adrian Toomes the two quickly
deduced the others alter egos and
despite Adrian's threats and Tony's
multiple prior warnings Peter continues
his efforts to thwart the vulture this
all culminates in a battle near Coney
Island between vulture and Peter wearing
a makeshift Spider Man suit Peter
ultimately defeats Adrian and spares his
life
resulting in Adrian's arrest Peter goes
back to school and it's revealed that
one of his classmates Michelle likes to
go by MJ do you get it in a post-credits
scene set in prison scorpion wants info
from vulture on spider-man's real
identity but Adrian denies knowing it as
for Peter his story continues in event
infinity war and endgame an infinity war
he accompanies Tony into space in an
attempt to defeat Thanos but is killed
along with half of the universe's
population by Thanos infamous snap
luckily the surviving Avengers reverse
the snap bringing all of their lost
friends including Peter back to life but
what did it cost Tony Stark's life so
last we saw Peter he was mourning the
loss of father figure Tony as he returns
to his normal teenage life once again
and that just about covers it let us
know what you think is gonna happen in
spider-man far from home in the comments
below what are you most looking forward
to make sure to like this video
subscribe for more and I'll see you in
the next one